Thank you.
Yeah!
Whoo!
Just for fun.
Ba-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Some people call me Pringles Dick,
but I never really found out why I'm boo-doo-doo.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick.
I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
Some people call me Pringles dick, but I never really found out.
I never really found out why.
Harmontown is now in session.
Brandon Johnson.
Rob Schrab.
Spencer Crittenden.
And just for good fun, Oakham Open Mike Eagle.
That other guy, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
This is it. The last fucking Harmontown. We did it.
Seven years of sadness.
Wow.
Where's the music? There was no music.
I sing a song.
Yeah, you did acapella.
He wants to do his mama rap.
No, no, no. I don't want to.
Zach put a beat on so Dan can have some music.
I haven't done mama raps ever since Mike taught me to stay off of that crutch.
That's right.
Is that true? I think you did.
That is not true.
There's 80 mamas out there right now, picketing.
Waiting to be fucked.
Zach, you got some music, Zach?
All right.
The dude that's been laying down beats for us for a thousand years.
Give it up for Zach McKee for everybody.
Oh, lord.
Oh, shit.
I didn't really...
Oh, yeah.
Now the pants.
I can't hear the beat.
Yeah, turn it up.
Some people fuck mamas.
Not me.
That's not what I do.
My flow is clean.
Elmer's blue.
It's white and tidy.
Your mama's nighty.
Has blue on it, too.
Talking about my cum.
Cause when I'm done, fucking her.
I...
Eject you.
Late.
Yo, I'm here to demonstrate.
When I knock on an elite jacket, you late.
Yo, I'm gonna put it on her plate.
Okay, gross.
Oh, no.
I don't want a picture to come on place.
You see one of those pornos, those gonzo pornos,
where it's like, let's all come in a funnel
or a cup or something, and it's like,
or a cracker.
I don't want exposed cum.
On flesh.
Cum on flesh, terrific.
As soon as cum hits a floor
or a couch or a plate
or a saucer.
It seems like a part two is coming
once they start adding props to it.
Hit that beat! Hit that beat!
It didn't happen.
Oh, no.
Good instincts, thank you.
You think after seven years we'd be able to drop a beat
and you could talk about cumming on plates.
Yeah, but it doesn't...
We wouldn't be rewarded for that.
After seven years, it took him to recognize
when to not indulge you.
Uh...
We don't...
We don't want any more of that right now.
Um, so it's the
360th episode of Harmontown.
Uh...
Full circle.
We've got a... Full circle!
Full circle. I mean, think about
the unintentional odds
that we would end on a 360.
A full...
Full circle!
Full circle.
What are the odds, Rob? What are the odds?
360 odds.
Whoa.
Uh...
We got overflow with, like, luminaries up here
on stage.
Friends of the show and things.
This is our jury.
And that still wasn't enough, Jeff.
We still oversold or...
I don't know. Well, hopefully there aren't...
Anyways, we still had more people coming than we could ever see.
So, apparently they're
simulcasting to the
Mexican place next door.
Shout out to the Mexican place.
La Fonda? I guess if you...
They're eating the delicious tacos
that is a dying podcast.
Yeah.
Uh, so hello to the people over there.
Also, Dave Kline over here.
Can I get a youp?
Get a youp.
One youp.
Really committing to the Chewbacca thing here
totally.
Dan, be honest.
Be brutally honest.
Happy? Sad? How do you feel right now?
Well, I don't know. First of all,
I'm exhausted coming back from a family trip
to the desert. I still got sand
in every crevice.
But I don't know.
I think it's a very...
I think before I would be able to feel anything,
there would be defense mechanisms
that would go up that would keep me from feeling.
Which is something I can't really control.
I'm a very...
broken person.
But you were the one
that decided to kill this.
And also, I can't believe
this lasted more than seven weeks,
not alone seven years.
But you pulled
the trigger on this...
Yeah.
To quote...
Mike Eagle, I thought, had a great way
of describing it in the green room,
an emotionally pregnant night.
I like that, because it's not...
It's like, happy, sad, I don't know.
It's like a pregnancy.
Game changer.
And then Emily,
who started this thing, Emily Gordon,
she is sad that she couldn't be here tonight,
but she told everybody
she wish she were here.
She gave birth to this.
She was the reason why we started this.
She said she wanted to be here when it died.
Which you can take in two different ways.
She's at Stonehenge right now,
so she's in a place of sacrifice.
But for real, there was no reason
the show should have lasted more than a year.
It was crazy.
We started monthly, right?
And then it became weekly.
And then for some stupid reason,
it was two hours every fucking time.
I'm only happy that it won't be
two hours of my life every week.
But I've met a bunch of people
that travel from all over the planet.
There's people from Spain here,
there's people from Italy,
there's people from...
Sherman Oaks, yeah.
I wish I didn't hear that.
There's no guest, so I'm just going to come back.
We have all these format rules,
and one of them is that I stand out there
and talk, but then the guest
comes out and then I take my seat,
so I'm just going to sit down now.
It's a natural pillar to the show.
Yeah, it's structure.
But thinking about the time that we met Spencer
for the first time, how many episodes
were we in when Spencer...
I was like episode five or something.
Five?
So that was before it was...
a video, that was back when it was just...
No video back then.
You know the cops can...
in America...
They can shoot you.
With guns.
They can lie to you about
what they have on you.
They can tell you we found a bloody fingerprint
and it's your fingerprint,
and they don't have to be telling the truth about that.
I don't know, good or bad.
But here's the thing,
I just heard this thing on this true crime podcast.
I thought this was amazing.
This girl goes to a party,
she disappears,
they find her body later,
she disappears, they find her body later,
she's been horribly...
I don't want to dwell on the details of the crime
because I want to skip to the funny part.
But a life was lost
and you know,
that's why we listen to true crime,
because it's for the victims.
But the cops
and trying to get the guy
that they knew did it,
but it's like, oh, your DNA is on her.
It's on the places
of her costume
that are ripped and all this stuff.
The guy is like, he's dead to rights,
but he's just doing that thing.
He tells one lie
and then he gets caught in that lie
and he's like, well, I did have sex at that party.
It might have been her,
consensual sex and all this stuff.
The cop goes like, listen, man,
look, we know you did it,
but look, I don't think you're a killer.
I think you did it on accident,
but the guy's like, dude, I never even
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Then the cop kind of blurts out,
he goes like, you know something
you don't know about this girl?
I'm going to tell you something you don't know.
Dude, I don't know anything about her.
Dude, she had brittle bone disease.
Fuck.
The cop just like busts out this amazing
technique because then the guy's like
going, oh.
He's like, yeah, you could, I mean,
if something happened, it's not your fault.
That was his lie?
Her bones, yeah, her bones are like made of glass.
I just think it's amazing
like a weird form of victim framing.
He was trying to give this guy an out,
like, look at that.
Bro, you didn't know you were fucking a
fabricated egg?
And the guy totally fell for it.
He's like, okay, look, man, you know,
we were doing a little like choke play
and like she choked me and there's no marks
because my bones aren't brittle.
And then I felt like brittle bones
because she doesn't have brittle bones.
Go to prison.
Of course they made it up.
I thought I had made that clear.
They can make stuff up.
I never heard that kind of thing made up.
Not one of murder people.
I feel like if they can lie, they should
catch way more people than they do.
They could just say fucking anything.
You know, 60% of
homicide goes
unsolved.
They're not telling the right lies.
Or is it 40%? Maybe I just told one
of an important lie.
It's one or the other, but it's almost half.
If you want to kill somebody,
flip a coin, you might get away with it.
They could say, hey, we finger pitted you.
It doesn't look like you were at the crime scene,
but we know that you have AIDS now.
Because the person that you...
Anything you want to get off the chest.
Cheese out.
And also it's 1981,
and there's no...
There's still a lot of misunderstandings
about the illness and
technology. What? It's not 1981.
Dude, look
at my partner, and he's got a little alligator
that he made out of fabric
really fast.
That's not a real eyes-on shirt.
Yeah, it is.
He's got a fake Rubik's cube.
He's got Debbie Gibson's hat on.
So cops can
just lie.
Try.
So my house has been spider gassed
while I was out.
I bought this house,
and it's filled with spiders.
Spider gas sounds terrifying.
Apparently,
there's different gas, because it was like,
if I have cockroaches and spiders,
and I call the spider gas guy,
do the cockroaches just smell this gas
and go like, yeah, fuck those guys.
Good, more dried milk puddles for us.
Yeah.
What kind of spiders? You were looking around
and there were spiders hanging about?
The house is just filled with spiders.
All kinds.
So I don't think it was a real actual infestation,
but I must have...
I have a really good assistant,
and I think I just...
I was like, this place is filled with spiders,
and then it got spider gassed
while I was in the desert
for Thanksgiving. But then the guy said
something after he...
Don't correct me if I'm wrong.
It's not spider gas your place
if they were up front about this part.
The guy said,
by the way, it doesn't just magically
make the spiders all
instantly die.
You will see a few spiders over the next couple of days,
maybe even more than usual,
because they'll be fleeing for their lives.
I'm not...
That's the only thing worse than a house full of spiders
is a house full of spiders
you tried and failed to kill.
Yeah.
The Josie Whales spiders?
Fucking pale rider spiders.
They're like pulling at your leg,
desperately pleading for help.
Oh, that's very empathic of you.
I'm imagining I'm like fucking Brandon Lee
in the crow, like a pair of lightning flashes
in their silhouette, and they're like,
nice try.
Like, you want to try that again?
Like,
you just wake up covered in webs,
and they're like...
coughing up blood into their little spider hankies,
but it's like, they still got enough fight in them
to do shit that
spiders normally don't do because
they fear repercussion.
They're long-term
thinker spiders, the inventors of the web.
Owls are wise, elephants
never forget, spiders, incredibly
patient.
Long-term thinkers,
you don't want to piss them off.
That's kind of cool.
As a human, if you were hungry,
you could just make a plate and wait.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's what they do.
But then they also,
every spider web you walk through,
there's only a one in ten chance
that you're actually walking through
an inhabited spider web because
they spin one and they wait,
and then they have to decide
when to blame the web,
when to blame the location.
They just go and do another one.
And so that's why, you know, cobwebs
and stuff, because the spiders are always working.
They're like little prospectors,
those guys, good for them.
Well, look, hey,
yeah, I decided to end the show.
Now, do you understand why?
We are only
on episode 360, we're down to talking about
the patience of spiders.
And the leverage cops can wield
by lying about brittle bone disease,
which I think is a 30 rock bit, Cody said.
She's like, I think that cop heard that
on 30 rock, brittle bone disease.
Is that even real?
And if it is, and you're offended,
don't jump up and storm the stage
and blame us.
Because you'll break your motherfucking neck.
Yeah.
Your put down just became a PSA.
We were, uh...
So high right now.
Yeah.
We should name a strain after the end of this show.
Oh, my God, look at my suit.
Your suit is good.
It's a damn good suit.
I thought it was white.
But you're fucking...
You really are that high.
It feels like a Dean Martin roast.
We are talking to
Brandon Johnson.
He's the only man that's so high.
He's the only man I've ever seen
walking around with a snake in his hand
trying to beat up a stick.
What?
The stick had it coming.
Uh...
So, uh...
I'll give you two choices.
We can start to share
some favorite
memories of the show,
or I can get your advice
on whether I should get an 8K TV.
Because I feel like 4K
is enough.
Isn't the human eye just
1080p?
I feel like the higher the definition,
the more...
Excited to the sweater.
A non-high five is happening.
Jerking off a microphone.
You want to help out?
Wait.
I would say number one,
but let's go number two.
Let's go 8K.
Do you think I should get an 8K TV?
Because I feel like this guy's giving a thumbs up back here.
I really don't know what that means.
You're the man who stood on stage
and proudly proclaimed you wanted
the most expensive peanut butter.
Yeah.
But not...
Not...
Not phony peanut butter.
That's like...
This peanut butter makes you fly.
And then...
When you get up to 8K resolution,
you're kind of buying a lie at a certain point.
Isn't the human eye incapable of seeing
beyond a certain resolution?
Not at our age.
I feel like watching old movies
on really high resolution
makes it look like a reality show.
You don't do that.
No, don't do that.
Stop it.
I want Dan to go to the second question.
I told the guy, let's stick with 4K,
just so you know.
I asked you for your advice for nothing,
but I just wanted to...
Yeah, thank you, sir.
Dan, emotionally.
Emotionally.
Because you've used Harmontown
as your vehicle
to kind of go through
catharsis and through therapy
when this stops.
Are you going to miss what you get out of this?
Or are you going to be happy
to throw this in the garbage?
Yeah, but I'll miss it.
But, you know,
there's a difference between missing something
and regretting.
You know, I think you got a...
I don't know.
Don't you think Keras and Keeler wishes
maybe he would, you know,
a little...
What?
He just took a shit on his thing.
I think he did.
I just think, you know,
he could do a show for...
I'm not like Robert Altman.
I don't want to die doing stuff.
What was the reason that you said,
okay, let's stop?
I think it was...
You brought that country western singer up here,
and...
Okay, that happened?
I had Mitch Hurwitz as a guest,
and then you guys went off stage
and sang a song in the green room.
Steve Levy, ladies and gentlemen.
Wait,
you're going to blame the end of Harmontown
on me bringing Robbie Fox on stage?
Yeah, we were going to keep doing the show until that night.
I think you announced it before that.
What do you mean, Dan?
This sounds like it went really bad.
It went bad, yeah.
We stopped doing the show.
Why do you bring up Robbie Fox coming on stage?
I just answered your question.
That was the night, though. You killed the show.
He said, it's your fault, Jeff.
Jeff. Jeff. Jeff.
Jeff.
He says, it's your fault.
Fuck.
Why is that? Why do you need to know that?
Why was it Robbie Fox's fault?
Why can't it be?
Answer the question.
Answer my question.
What's your question?
Why can't it be his fault?
Because he was just a guest?
Right.
Well, I didn't book him.
You didn't book Open Mike Eagle.
He's here tonight. You didn't book him.
We ran into each other and he came out.
I told you,
there is an Open Mike Eagle ban
in effect on the show.
You defied it.
Oh, shit. Yeah.
This is how I find out.
We have a closed Open Mike Eagle policy.
Yeah, it's a closed Mike Eagle.
The Robbie Fox episode was
long after the decision was made
to stop the show.
Why do you bring that up?
Because that was the reason.
I just wanted to keep having the show be fun
and not do it like a deposition
about why I chose to kill it.
I mean, I think there's a lot of answers
to that question.
But I don't think...
Answer number one.
Coming up.
I think that...
Right after...
this song...
by a guest singer that's coming up.
One answer to the question is
from a...
what would you call it, a stylistic
perspective?
I don't think that's quite the word either.
I know that one answer,
but it's probably maybe like 10%
of all the reasons.
The whole kind of like...
moving from a world
as we have during the 8-year run of the show
from where the internet was
a place you hid from the real world
to the internet for better or for worse,
now the real world.
And a whole
generation went from being
12 years old to whatever
12 plus 8 is.
I didn't come to L.A.
to do math.
But...
Thank you.
But the whole...
They were born online.
And the world is online.
And as such,
because of all of the social changes and things,
it's sort of like this idea
of me playing myself
as a character.
I think I'm at a crossroads
at 46, having done this for almost a decade.
And really, I've been doing that
for 25 years.
Going like, hey, look at me. I'm Dan Harmon.
You know what happened to me today?
I'm going to tell you the whole thing.
And like, I'm the fucking...
It's me. The name of my birth certificate
is the name of this clown.
So if you have a complaint, just type
my name into the internet and tweet me.
And if I do something wrong,
get me fucking destroyed.
Like, destroy my life.
Because my life is...
For 20 years, I was like, yeah, that's cool
and easy too, because I'm lazy.
And I think we've hit
a crossroads here. We're doing that
as a really specific choice to make now.
Like, moving forward from this,
if I kept
advertising myself
as like,
hey, this is my show.
This is my name.
This is the name of the person I was born.
Here's all of the things about me
and all these things. I become a brand.
Like, moving forward from here,
now that we've hit this tipping point of like,
everyone's online and everything that is online
is part of a constant conversation
about where everyone stands and what you're going to do
about it. And it's almost like,
I don't... I like being
who I am, but at the same time,
I personally
wouldn't continue
to listen to a guy
in a podcast go like,
yeah, but what about me?
Like, because it's just not...
I don't... There wouldn't be my choice anymore.
I wouldn't continue to find it therapeutic
because
I... And so, and then you start...
It's just like, I would have to like,
either willfully compartmentalize
my pride
from my
narcissism and all this stuff. Like, put all these
parts about me against themselves
only for the end goal
of having a podcast.
Or I can like,
let the podcast kind of drift away
while I continue this process
of letting, like, who I am
kind of like,
disentangle and
sort itself out.
Because I don't... And I mean this
with the utmost respect. Like, I don't want to...
The best case scenario
is Joe Rogan, right?
Like, you've got a billion people
listening to you. You're...
Everything that you say is like...
It's like, I don't want to be a brand.
I don't want to stand
for things by being... Having been born.
I don't want... I don't want to be...
I just like, oh, you're...
That's that Dan Harmon
thing, that principle.
Like, I want to like...
I want to like, own a gun and be liberal.
And you can't...
I want to like, do all kinds
of like, paradoxical things
and it's like... And I don't want to have
to think about when I'm doing them
like, how I'm going to
like, figure out how to sell them.
And that's, again,
that is one big bucket
that's like, 10% of the reason.
There's a bunch of...
I just think
who wants to start
sucking, like...
Not that the show's never been good, I just...
But...
Who wants to just keep, you know...
I don't know.
I can't believe the show ever lasted
more than seven weeks.
The fact that it went for more than
10 years is crazy.
But I've met so many people that have flown
from like, those people here tonight
that came from all over the planet.
And
there's a weird
relationship that people have
that there's people that have gone
through depression or illness or
injury and
they have a connection
to this show that
I don't understand because
we just get up here and just kind of fuck about.
Like, for us, it's just
silly.
Or maybe for you, or for me, or for Spencer,
or
for Dave Kline's
the people that we brought up on stage
are
Shromp, Brandon...
We can fuck about too?
Yeah.
It's always been a weird way to be
kind of cathartic and let out
whatever's going on in our mind, but
there's people that have
like, for me,
I don't really understand the connection that
people have that people are really sad that
it's ending because
they went through
psychological stuff
and this show had an impact on it.
I don't get it.
I don't get it. I was listening
to the show, the podcast,
last week
and I don't know if you
listened to the show
last week, Jeff,
but the end of the show last week
just devolved into all of us
screaming over each other.
No, you did this.
And
I'm like, who
doesn't know us would ever
want to listen to this?
I want to turn it off. But we found out
over the years that
Stranger is... That's my voice!
Oh, no.
A giant man
has walked on the stage
and is texting on his phone
in the background of the stage.
Y'all got to warn me about shit like this.
What? Do you see something?
His shoes are giant.
Where? Where?
There's nothing back there.
What?
Nick is on Stilts back here.
That is really terrifying.
I think he's just a giant man.
For everybody to really check out.
Don't trip on the cable.
I have to be honest.
I don't like it. I do not like it.
Yo, it's a great talent.
But I don't want to be by it, really.
I don't really want to be, like, by it.
No, no, no.
Hi.
Big fan.
He's a big fan.
To all the people that travel far and wide,
this is what you get.
So this is...
We got a nine-foot dude on stage.
What is going on, Nick?
What's happening?
Can we get a spot on your face?
He's too tall for the light.
There you go.
I think you should stage dive.
See how far we can get.
Hey, guys.
Sorry, I was trying to get
to the popcorn.
It's still up in the front.
Is that over there?
I don't do well with stairs, so that's going to...
Hey, could you two do, like,
kind of like a 100-year-old man,
a thousand-year-old man kind of, like,
a team...
Like a classic comedy.
Like a classic comedy team, like,
I'm here with the tallest men in the world.
Okay, go for it.
Yeah, of course you can do it.
Yeah, whatever you want.
The tallest man in the world.
Oh, yeah.
For those of you at home,
we are looking at a tall man
next to Dan, who is of normal size.
Normal size,
and extremely tall man.
He's giving the tallest, fiercest
look of all.
Yes, he's tall daddy,
white shoes and khaki pants that say,
I'll stand over you.
I...
Uh...
He's working realness
with a vision.
Standing at over 9-1.
He's a genius.
Hey, if you can twerk and stilts,
I'll definitely throw money at you.
Oh, shit.
Okay.
Look at him shake that ass.
Get your dollars out,
and I'm talking about hard gold coins.
Can I get more branding in the monitors, please?
I do.
Can we raise the monitors up four feet, please?
Can't hear anything.
I'm here with the world's tallest man,
which is a one-for-one analog
for world's oldest man.
So, whereas the world's oldest man,
we would talk about the things
you've seen throughout history
like historically contextual,
like, kind of one-liners.
Uh, I guess we're just going to stick to just, like, height.
I hate...
I hate trees.
You must have gotten quite a few arguments
with specific species of tree.
Yeah, everyone with, uh...
branches.
I love light poles.
Ooh.
I say, is it hard for a fella like you to, uh...
Using his elbows and waist, no one's seen.
He's the tall daddy, a killing machine.
This is good for an audio podcast, right?
Right. Yeah.
For $5, you can watch the last episode of Harmontown.
I say, is it hard for a fella like you
to, uh...
enjoy the company of women?
I am way into the crowns of heads.
Ladies, don't hesitate.
Faster bait.
He's your tall daddy.
Waste episode of laughing I've ever seen.
There must be quite a few places you're not allowed
being that tall.
Yeah, let's say him together.
What's it like down there?
Look who's back.
He's at least six inches of butt crap.
That's pretty average, I feel.
Definitely more than six.
Yeah.
Uh...
You know, I'm normally a bad interviewer
and also it's bad improv to ask questions, so...
I don't know, uh...
Shit!
There's no man on trial, there's no denial!
Oh, shit.
All right, all right.
I'm very happy to be here, Dan, Jeff, all the crew.
Thank you guys so much, uh, Brandt.
Let's give it up for Nick, the tallest man in town.
Nick Rutherford, the tallest man.
I hate the shoes the most.
Do they freak you out a little bit?
I'm surprised at his feet are that big.
He got regular-sized hands and size 47 feet.
Yeah.
No thanks.
He looks like... like I'm looking at him with a fisheye lens.
Yeah.
Mike, what you been up to? What you been working on?
Uh, music? Yeah.
That's, yeah. It's a stock answer, but it's always true.
Are you one of those ambitious tenacious sorts that, like, works all the time?
Yeah, but not only because I have to pay for things all the time,
and that's the only way I make money.
You have to pay for things to get money.
No, I have to make music to make money to pay for things.
Okay.
You know, I learned a new saying today,
because we were talking about Naked Martin.
I don't know, it doesn't sound the way I think you think it sounds.
Like, it says it because it's like the middle of a song,
so it's not like every time it's like a, you know, like the song's starting.
I will never do it again.
Oh, that's you? You're doing that?
Yeah, for 300 episodes.
I'm blaming somebody in the back with my eyes the whole time.
These people are professionals.
It's this, Motherfucker.
Did you ever talk about Naked Martin on this show?
No, no, I never have.
And today, and Cody said, you know, if you do what you love,
you never have to work a day in your life.
For instance, Naked Martin, who came into our lives courtesy of
Cody's old roommate, Nicole, who was on this trip with us.
Nicole was doing comedy somewhere,
and some British couple where at the bar,
getting shit-faced, and they were like looking at some video on their phone,
and they're like, do you want to see the funniest video ever?
And it was like, there's this British guy,
and he's like looking at the camera, and he says,
hello, Alex and Peggy.
He gives us this personalized message,
and goes like, congratulations on your recent engagement.
Have fun in Hamburg, and stay away from those oranges.
And he gives a little naughty tis-finger.
By the way, he's stark-naked,
and has a, well, what I hope is a super long dick.
Uncircumcised.
Yeah, and it's kind of uncircumcised, and he's very old,
so it's kind of like, I don't think this is an important detail,
but it is a distracting one, that his foreskin has a sort of like...
Why do you hope it's super long?
Was it long?
Well, because I want...
You want us to think...
I want the average dick size to be smaller than...
Okay.
Yeah.
The smaller, the better.
I mean, what do you want mortgage rates to be?
Lower.
I assume.
I'm totally following it.
Okay.
Keep going, keep going.
You're not even at the halfway point.
He gives a little cautious finger wave about the oranges in Hamburg,
and flaps his flaccid, but long penis against his naked thighs
with a quick twitch of his waist,
and then he reaches down between his legs to underneath his balls somewhere
while looking at the camera.
It gets a curious, contemplative look on his face,
and he's kind of like moving his fingers around a bit back there.
It's a very, very strange, long pause.
You don't know what's really going on,
and then he withdraws a...
Human turd.
...a bowel movement.
No.
Yeah, I know.
Wait, what?
He withdraws a poop?
Yeah.
With his hands?
And then he kind of presents it pridefully,
and then he smears it all over his face.
No!
And he gives a thumbs up.
Is it Gigi Allen?
What the fuck are you watching?
Snake and Martin.
This is somebody you're still friends with?
I will only say one thing about this.
This is the weird thing if you ever see the video.
There's a video.
His poop is...
It's a video, yeah.
What?
He pulls a poop out of his butt?
Yeah.
And puts it on his face.
After he congratulated somebody on their engagement.
I think it's important to note that his poop in that particular video,
and I know I'll describe this in like,
that's not possible,
but it's like, it's so healthy looking
that it's basically not gross
to watch him smeared across his face.
It looks like just how you would imagine
a perfectly healthy bowel movement.
It's just perfectly textured.
It's like a clip part of a turd.
And it almost looks comfortable.
He clearly enjoys doing it.
Tell me again how you came about this video clip.
Cody's old roommate ran into some strangers,
so she got the video from them.
They were affiliated with this wedding engagement
that someone, one of the guests or something,
had tapped this fella.
You're three steps away from an actual human being.
This is not just random internet stuff.
So we tracked him down in the Rick and Morty writer's room,
like we were looking around for this guy,
and somebody found him.
His name is Naked Martin,
and what I kept trying to figure out,
and he's a very sweet seeming fella.
No.
No, I'm telling you.
Don't do it.
No, he's, what?
Don't try to sell us this dude, please.
No, I mean, he's...
Let's not go out like this, Dan.
He's a super pleasant guy.
Not like this.
His bio is like, I'm Naked Martin.
I'm a nudist that loves to have fun.
Right poop on his face for your...
But it's so healthy, this poop.
You got to understand how healthy...
How healthy does a poop have to look to me?
You can buy coffee mugs.
Yeah, and you can also get, like, a video, if you want.
Me and Andi is going to be so mad about this promotion.
Oh, no.
So then Cody, like, she eventually unbeknownst to me,
she orders a video from Naked Martin.
And it was going to be for the anniversary...
Can you play the audio?
You can't play the video, but you can play the audio.
Why can't you play the audio?
I can, but...
Yeah, I mean, it's...
Oh, okay, sorry.
It's the last show.
I just don't know if playing the audio is really that important
versus the amount of time it's going to spend.
I agree.
Well, then don't.
It's your show.
Thank you.
Stop doing things.
Well, I try to...
Are all of his clips him pooping on things?
No.
So, like, we were trying to figure that out.
Like, does this guy like, because it's all about Naked Martin and nudity,
but his logo, it looks like the logo is written in shit.
Yes, it is.
Kind of.
But it also could be hot dogs?
No.
He didn't smear hot dogs on his face.
Hot dogs are...
No, no, no.
Turds.
There's turds.
Why don't you know the difference between hot dogs and shit?
Yeah.
How did that happen?
I think it's possible for a graphic designer to not know the difference.
I'd like to give a special shout out to people that traveled here to see this final show.
Okay.
Well, here's the thing.
Keep going, talking about the video.
I mean, I want so badly to just, like, hand it off to Jeff now and go,
like, no, no, yeah, let's abort this immediately.
Let's clear it.
No, but what...
So, go on.
Oh, you have questions about this guy?
I mean...
I have a hundred questions.
Even though we're doing a show?
Yes.
I mean, my first question is, what was the origin story of you finding this person,
and how did this become a part of your life?
So, you're interested?
Yes.
Okay.
Oh, I'm in.
So, the...
Cody comes up to me a month later, a couple of weeks later,
and she's kind of sadly, she goes like,
I was gonna, I got something for our engagement, which is not until Christmas time,
our anniversary for our engagement, but it didn't go as well as I thought it would.
And so, I'm just gonna give it to you now.
And it's naked Martin is sitting and kneeling in a kitchen.
Everything about the video is like, the first one, I gotta go back and describe the first one,
because it's like, he's out in like, a beautiful lush, day-lit garden.
Like, all you can see behind him is just foliage.
And he's just, he's very chipper and crisp and the video,
and as I described, like, from the texture of the shit to his deployment of it,
everything is just sort of like, it looks as if he's done it a thousand times and loves it.
He's smiling, he's glowing.
And it's his own poop.
No, he reaches between his naked legs where he's cleverly releasing a bag of someone else's shit,
because he wants to save himself a gross and tedious task of withdrawing his own.
Yes, I think it's his own shit.
I'm trying to think what's worse, his own poop or somebody else's poop.
But it is notable that it's all so cleanly done in that first video that that is a question that comes to your mind,
is like, is that really, can you just do that?
Can you just reach back there and like, I'll wrap it from a hat.
Like, it's just in one piece, like, there's nothing gross about it.
Why is there nothing gross about it?
It's shocking, but it's not, I think you'll find like, stuff like, with shit is like,
it's the details, it's the sloppy organic details.
That's what we don't like about shit.
It's like chaos and it's like everything that life is done with.
And as such, it behaves in no predictable way and things.
And then when you draw like a cartoon turd, you can, you don't like,
most people don't like react to a drawing of a turd that looks like a little Hershey's kiss with stink lines coming off of it.
It's like, we don't gag because it makes us think of real shit.
Like, but anyway, so like, I'm telling you, the guy's turd was a cartoon.
So then Cody's video.
So it's like, he says, he's kneeling in a kitchen.
So it's already like, ah, just feels, why is he kneeling?
And there's like, there's like sauce pans hanging from it.
Do we know, do we know it's his kitchen or is he somebody else's kitchen?
I hope that he gets so many of these videos ordered that every weekend he rents a B&B and knocks them all out
and just leaves a $500 tip for the cleaning staff and just walks away the happiest guy in the world.
I really am telling you, if you see this guy's bio, you're going to, you're going to, you're going to love this guy.
He's like, he represents all that is like, like unassuming and pure.
He's, he's hurting nobody.
And there's not enough people like him in the world.
There I said it.
But, but what I could never figure out is like, well, does he love, does he love the shit stuff?
Or is that what people are like requesting?
Because he says like, I'll do anything.
And then our people like rub shit on your face and he's like, well, I'll do that too.
Or is he like, I love shit.
Like you can't see anything at his site about like shit play.
But then, so then Cody ordered this video and it says, he goes, he's kneeling in the kitchen and he says, Dan,
it's been one year since you said yes to Cody proposing to you.
And she just wants you to know that she thinks you're the shit.
And what?
And, and Cody did not ask him to do this part, but he now turns around.
And this is definitely his shit.
Oh, look, it's, it's Jesse.
Jesse camp.
What's up, Jesse?
Yeah.
Wait, wait.
So she commissioned this guy.
Yeah.
So he turns around.
She commissioned this shit to be taken.
He turns around on his knees and then it starts to do the same thing he did.
But now it's a completely different view.
It's no longer a mystery.
Right.
It's, and it's, and, and the rabbit does not just come out of a hat.
Like there's a, there's a piece of rabbit that falls on the, the hardwood floor with an audible kind of sound.
And then he turns back around with his shit now in his hand and he, Cody had asked him, she was really sad.
That's why she just, she just waved the white flag and gave it to me a month early.
Cause it's like, she, she is like, it's, he's, I was like, what is he doing?
He's supposed to be a heart.
He's trying to, he's, he's like trying to draw a heart on his chest.
With, with his own poop?
It just looks like this circle and it's just like, there's so much texture to the chest hair.
And, and so, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then he gives a thumbs up and then he presses a button on,
on something next to him that is apparently supposed to stop the video.
And then there's like a eight second pause.
And then he, and then he kind of does a couple of false starts and then he starts in a, and then the video ends.
So the whole thing is just sort of like, you're just like, man, I hope he's happy.
Yeah.
Like I want to think that he's living the best life.
How much did Cody pay him for this?
Is this a commission?
80 pounds, which is 103 American dollars.
That's not enough money.
No, it's not.
It is not.
That's the thing that makes me assume that he likes it.
Or I think it might be a little bit too much money.
I think he should be charging $1,000 minimum to, it costs $100 to clean that shit up, man.
He costs $100 to clean that shit up.
That's, that's what gives me the, the hope that I think, I think he must, he must be enjoying it because otherwise he charged $50,000.
Like we would, right?
How much would we charge to rub our own shit on it?
Mike Eagle, how much would you charge for that?
How much?
If you had to do it.
What's your base rate?
I had to do it and I had to make a video of it.
Yeah.
Base rate.
In a normal video format that can be fucking shown to anybody.
Right.
Yeah.
You could be naked Mike Eagle.
Base now on.
Naked shit rubbing Mike Eagle.
$74 million.
See, that's a guy that's like, yeah, because you're, you're, like I said, when you do what
you love, right, you don't, you don't have to work a day in your life.
And you're like, your, your goal as his mind is like, yeah, there's no, there's no price
you could put on your ability to be open Mike and do what you want.
It would need to be so much money for you to shatter that all that you'd have to be set up for life.
Yeah.
And if you did anything for 10,000 hours, you become an expert at it.
And he said,
Should be paid for expertise.
Yeah.
He references a thing on his website about.
Why is 74 million?
That's a, that's a weird specific number.
It's the highest number I could make with my mouth right now.
I think I, I, I feel that I, I've actually rift that number once I think on this stage,
or I might have said 175, but it's like 70.
It's like got the most syllables or something.
75 million.
To me, it feels like that amount of money you could even if you weren't a financial wizard,
you could figure out a way to live off of interest.
Yes.
That's like that.
Like maybe you have the small house in Sherman Oaks, but you're like only I just put the 75
million on a pile and the pile just radiates money that I live off of every day.
I probably wouldn't do that.
I'd probably buy a fucking gold boat that sank.
But then you got a gold boat.
Then you got to make another shit video.
I made a gold boat.
Yeah, you got to go on that shit video money.
Oh, one more detail, because is that, is that Cody had, you know, she gave him a shout out
or whatever she showed, like a frame grab or something like that on her Instagram.
And he, he messaged her and said, thanks for the shout out.
Like, like he was appreciative of her getting the word out, lest anybody think for some reason
that a guy that sells this service wants to keep it on the down low and is somehow going
to be hampered by this getting out.
You know how much shit is on his phone screen?
There's just shit particles all over his fucking phone screen.
He's, he's, I'm telling you, you're going to, I feel bad that this is the last episode
because it's because in episode 361, there would be a lot of people coming back on the show
to say, I can't believe it, but you're right.
He seems fastidious and pleasant and I'm in his, I'm rooting for him.
He seems like a wonderful man that I want to be happy.
Levy, Levy just came out and showed me a clip and his, if that's his flaccid dick,
it's, it's a pretty, it's a pretty good size, pretty like, it's a big dick.
Yeah.
His willingness to be nude, I get.
He probably does that for free.
Yeah.
Why the poop?
I don't get it.
My friends that were in a band.
You're talking about it.
My friends, I grew up with, there's a band called Croms, a C-R-O-M with an umla for no reason
and they're like a grindcore, like death metal band.
And you know Crom?
Oh fuck, yeah.
Oh fuck, one person, that's awesome.
Yeah.
They, they would, they would throw these parties and they had a DVD, no, sorry, a VHS tape
and it said 666, do not watch on it.
And it was a poop, it was a poop video.
And if you watched it, you barfed.
Like, like, you, like, it was the most volatile thing I've ever seen.
There was a guy, it was not black and white, but the color was so bad it was almost black
and white.
And VHS, yes, thank you sir.
Look at this, you faking.
You faking.
Anybody could have said VHS.
Yeah.
Name one Crom song, bro.
Name one Crom song.
If you, if you, you got to go find Crom.
They started a band as a joke, but they, Crom was a cone of the barbarians god.
And so one of their song was Fuck You Wood Pusher because he had to push a stick around
and there was a grace.
Don't you say nothing.
What song is called Grace Jones Headbutt?
Oh, Grace Jones Headbutt, yeah, Grace Jones Headbutt, yeah.
Oh man.
It goes like this.
Grace Jones Headbutt.
Yeah.
I was here.
You know, Diddy did the remix.
But they had, they had these parties.
Well, one of the guys in the band is named Will and his name was the Will of Crom because
he was a god.
And these motherfuckers did every drug and there was a VHS tape.
666, do not watch.
And people would just see it and go, oh, I'm going to put that on.
And there was a dude bent over on all fours and a girl next to his butt.
Yes.
And she, and he started, he started the poop and she ate it up like it was like soft serve
ice cream.
Congratulations on playing out here.
Oh, oh, oh, cheap laughs.
Oh, I love them.
Oh, they're like scrambled eggs.
I can attack a whole day now.
Carbohydrate surface laughs.
Fucking Snickers bar blood sugar laughs.
Well, I mean, long story short, she looks, she looks pretty unhappy.
And you watch that, you watch four seconds of that and you have to walk outside and vomit.
And yet there's an audience for that sort of stuff.
And you found it.
And now you and Cody share that with each other.
I believe I've seen that video or one like it.
And I remember it physically gagging because it is the site of the thing that makes you,
it makes you rest.
Here's the bummer.
Hey, here's the, here's the, here's where it gets troublesome.
Telling on yourself.
If you're Canadian or UK, the real sad part is that they don't like it.
If they were injured, you're like, okay, these people just, they like to party.
Like that's their thing.
But this guy, this guy doesn't like it.
Is he going, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I just remember the, the, so sorry.
We got to make rent.
Are you all right back there?
There was 100% sadness.
There was all sadness.
But then they go back at it and they do it again.
And it's like, it's just, come on, you guys.
You watched all of that too?
Huh?
So you watched all of that?
Yeah.
Well, who likes to party?
I would say, I would say that this clip had third act troubles.
I think the third act kind of broke down.
Don't watch a poop videos where I'm telling you.
On that same VHS tape, is there then a like little person?
No.
Okay.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Okay.
That was a tape you had.
Yeah.
That was a tape that I had.
Okay.
Where, where, where, it was just like.
I started to feel like I was a bad person for a while.
No, no, no.
There was a, we were watching a tape that was just, it started off as public access like
stuff that just got weirder and weirder and more and more degraded as clips.
Where it was like bad stand up auditions and then all of a sudden it turns into black and
white and there was a little person dressed up and make up and address and doing like
tap dancing and was really.
But, but, but on the same tape, I'm talking about it too.
I was trying to like, I was trying to triangulate a tape that I recall having discussed.
I've never watched a poop video with you two.
I was a separate poop.
I'm starting to feel like y'all are the police and this is a lie you're telling me to give
me to confess to something.
Yeah.
I didn't fucking do it.
Okay.
No, you ate the poop now.
Come on.
All right.
Moving on.
I think that's.
Fingerprints are on the toilet bowl.
I was, I was playing, so Cody and you know, Cody are my niece to be my common law niece.
Maya.
What is she?
Three.
I think she's three now.
Absolutely adorable.
Common law niece.
Because we haven't set a date for our wedding, but like, you know, she's as good as my niece.
She's as good as niece.
And I, it's weird.
I don't know how to describe her title, you know, so I just keep going like my niece to
be.
Pre niece.
She calls me uncle.
Yeah.
But we, we, she like, we were playing with her, me and Cody a couple of nights ago and
then, you know, like, turns into like a make believe kind of game about how Cody's sick
and she's a doctor, but she was like, she was like, it was just such a weird like, because
I, she kept like, Cody and I were brother and sister and a little three year old Maya
was, was calling her.
She was, she was acting as the doctor that was taking care of Cody, but she was also
both our daddy and our mommy.
And she kept sending me to school and it was really weird because she had all of these
like, she was like, she, she had no patience for any kind of like, she would, she would
just go, guess what?
To Cody, she's like, you're really sick.
Oh no.
You're really sick.
And then she'd look at me and go like, you got to go to school.
And then I go, I go like, oh, okay, I'm going to go to school.
And she's like, okay, now you're at school.
And like, it's over there.
It's sitting in the corner and then she's like, learn your ABCs.
You're really sick.
And then, and then she's like, okay, school's over.
Like, like, I was like, I just got here.
And then I come back and it was just like this weird cycle, like this weird simulator
that was being run by this three year old who doesn't understand any rules about timing,
overkill, sadism, munchausen by proxy syndrome, which was a big theme because she kept making
Cody sicker and sicker.
And she was, but it was, like she was, she was like, she gradually like kept escalating in terms of like the empathy that she was having for Cody.
Like it was like the game she wanted to play was like that she was like, she was like, it's okay.
It's okay.
And Cody, Cody was like, oh, I feel sick.
And then she was like, it finally like, after like five iterations of like my weird life where I am, as I kept commenting,
I'm like, I feel like I'm wasting the better parts of my life while my sister's at home dying.
I'm learning the ABCs and my teacher's three.
So like half of the alphabet is QRS.
Like, she's an A, B, Q, R, S, T, B, I, but W, Q, R, S.
Like she doesn't, I mean, she's whoop, whoop.
But it's, it's her curriculum and it's a, it's a school district with one student and the school day is 10 seconds long.
But it's like, after five iterations, they come back to the bed, which is our house.
And, and, and, and Maya looks at Cody and goes, hey, guess what?
Cody's like, what?
He's like, you're dying.
Oh, no.
What the fuck?
You're going to die.
And Cody's like, oh, no.
And I'm like, does that mean I can stop going to school?
And she goes, yeah.
Yeah, she's dying.
So you stay home from school.
And then, and then she like, she nurses Cody through.
She's like, it's okay.
It's all right.
It's going to be okay.
And then, and then Cody died.
She's like, she goes, guess what?
What?
You're dead.
And then she said, so then Cody's dead.
She killed Cody.
And then, and then I was like, wow, do we call a mortician?
Or I don't know what I'm now allowed to.
Like, I don't know.
Her parents will be like, you taught her about death.
She thinks that's sleeping.
I don't, I don't, I don't, now I don't know what I'm like.
And then she's like, let's give her some more medicine.
And she's like, she's like, like, like, there's like, like lotion,
because it's a hotel room.
It puts lotion on Cody's forehead that's like medicine for dying.
And, and Cody, like blinks her eyes.
It goes like, I'm alive.
I'm alive.
And Maya goes, hey, guess what?
What?
You have to go to school.
Yeah.
It was, it's pretty fun.
I mean, I, sorry.
Is she a good person or a bad person?
I don't, I don't know.
I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't actually believe that human beings
have a moral conscience.
I believe that we.
Where in a three year old get like, like the motivation to say you're dying
or you're sick?
Like, did she go through something like recently?
Well, I don't, well, I don't know.
I'm not a good enough uncle to know if maybe she lost a goldfish and like,
had a, or, but she, you know, like, like somewhere between all the peppa pigs
and the, and the, and the movies that her parents are watching or like all the
other kids in kindergarten or whatever.
It's like, you know, you're picking up on our mythology, which is about death
and life.
Does she watch YouTube?
I hope not.
But, but like, her parents are really good at keeping this.
Did she ever take a turd out and start making a heart on somebody's chest?
You know, but yeah, Sheila, I, I, I, I, I, I, if I was ever going to have a kid,
it would only be out of the selfish motivation of like, what a great like audience.
Like there, there's just like your, your bits can be so, you can do such bad.
I got a bit that I do with my nephew that I've been doing for about three years now,
where, whenever I see him, I go, Hey, where's my money?
And he's like, he's like six.
And he's like, I don't know what you're talking about.
And I go, no, you said that the last time, where's my money?
And he's like, I don't have any money.
I go, you better get my money now.
And it's parents are just like, I'm so confused.
What is, is this a joke?
Do you ever say the amount or is it just vague?
No, no, no.
I want my money.
Where's my money?
And at one time, for some reason, I had like a wad of cash in my wallet.
I had 20s and ones and, and I opened it up and I go, Hey, I'm just kidding here.
Let me give it.
And then I pulled out a receipt and I gave it.
Hey, can you throw this out for me?
That's really mean.
Yeah.
It's a receipt from Gilson's.
Can you throw this shit out for me?
My nieces and nephews have this game called there's Uncle Brandon.
And for some reason they played it in front of me.
And it's whenever they see a black homeless person.
What? Somebody tell him.
Thank you all so much.
I hope your nieces and nephews are black.
Because then it helps a little bit.
I brought my way into a white family as soon as I got money.
And do you just think, oh, do you try to educate?
I said, who the fuck taught you this game?
Yeah.
And it was my sister.
My fucking sister was like, there's Uncle Brandon out there in LA homeless.
Oh, she's so provincial and you're Mr. LA.
Don't you always just wear a suit all the time?
You always look good.
You see a lot of homeless black dudes in blazers.
Don't lie. Don't lie.
You do. You see a lot of well-dressed homeless people.
I tell him about the t-shirt underneath.
You got to look past the blazer.
If it's like a Britney Spears concert shirt from 93.
Congratulations.
You wore a motherfucking bow tie.
That's a tight one. That's not a clip.
That's a real bow tie.
It's a real bow tie.
One, you know, Nation of Islam taught me that Allah has many things planned.
Right.
Yeah, you know how to tie a bow tie and how to make a bean pie?
Final calls will be passed out throughout the audience.
These people don't know what the fuck the final call is.
But God love you. Google it.
You guys referenced the five percenters in the...
Oh, that was me. I brought up the five percenters
and I've been watching the Wu-Tang show on Hulu.
It's great.
So I've been thinking about the five percenters.
Actually, I think it's really bad, but I like it a lot.
Oh, really? You think it's bad?
I do. I think, like, you know, I like them.
Yeah.
So I like seeing all the fantastical stories that didn't really happen in the projects with them.
But there's a lot of not great acting in it.
Oh, all right.
I thought you'd seen it, right? Try it.
I loved it. I thought it was really good.
You were acting like you hadn't seen it, but I thought you recommended it to me.
I did recommend it.
It's good. Do you like them?
I thought it was really...
I know I'm supposed to. I don't...
You don't really?
If you don't really like them, you might not really like the show.
Well, I don't...
I'm not familiar enough with anybody outside Tori Amos to be like,
I like him. I don't like him.
Right.
Would you watch a Tori Amos, a part of fictional one-hour drama on Hulu?
Oh, fuck yeah, he would.
What would it be called?
Probably like cabbages in Turtles Racing or something,
and people would be like, what are you talking about?
And she'd be like, that's my girls.
Hey, Spencer.
What up? Hey, guys.
Since we're wrapping up the old Harmontowns,
we found you in a lucky moment.
What's your feelings about walking away from this?
I hate it.
Yeah?
Yeah, I'm sad, you guys.
Oh, no.
Are you really?
You're dying.
Oh, no.
See, I think you're being sarcastic.
Because this isn't very different than you sound when you're ecstatic.
No, I'm sad.
I can't tell if you're being for real or you're doing a bit right now.
It sucks, you guys.
I think he's being for real.
It's true.
I'm being honest.
It feels like only yesterday that you raised your hand when Dan asked,
is anybody here a dungeon master and you raised your hand,
and then here we are after all these years.
It really does feel like yesterday.
Am I ever going to see you again?
No.
This is...
I mean, here's the thing.
It's like, I don't know if I'm ever going to see any of you guys ever again.
I'm going to send you guys like a...
This is my way of hanging out with you.
Well, Spencer and I, we don't have the name of it yet.
We don't know exactly when and where and what, but we have a venue, and Spencer and I...
We have a venue?
We do have a venue.
What is it?
I'll drop it.
Follow us, Spencer and I, and somebody else.
It's going to be like, we're going to make a new podcast,
and you guys are all welcome to come to it.
Oh, shit.
We'll be promoting it at the Mexican place next door,
which I hope is not your venue because they're very rarely open.
No, no, it's...
It is odd.
I would have learned their name.
It's a very show-busy place.
It's going to be groovy.
It might be monthly.
It might not be weekly, but we'll make it good, and you guys can all come and...
I would like to request that it be all commercials,
because the thing that I regret most about ending this podcast is the commercials.
That's what I'm going to miss the most is doing ads with Spencer.
It's the fucking best part of the thing.
Church and Spencer doing the commercials is the fucking greatest thing.
It would be impossible for us to continue to do that in any capacity.
What we do have to do, no matter where we go,
we have to steal this desk from a dentistry tapewriter.
That's fair.
So you can sit there with your hand on your head.
Why the hand on the head thing?
What's this posture?
The answer to that question, all questions can be revealed...
On the new podcast.
On the...
No, I did.
I wrote a D&D module, though, that people should...
Whoa!
It's called Color of Chaos, and it's on DMs Guild.
What if we just call it...
What if we just call it Town?
There's nobody's name involved.
It's just Town.
Wow, what if we did the thing that I said on air before?
Yes, exactly.
That would be a funny joke.
I'm just trying to remind everybody.
No, I know.
It's a good thing.
It's happening already.
All I'm saying is that buy my module.
Buy your module?
Give me money.
That's the only reason I'm here.
I don't care about any of you fucks.
I'm just here for the fucking money.
All right.
I want my paycheck, son.
Love an honest man.
Get that money, homie.
That's what I'm sad about.
All this fucking money.
What's up?
We got Dave Kline over here, everybody.
You give me a...
What up, Dave Kline?
What's up?
How's it going, baby?
It's a beautiful thing.
Congratulations to a final Harmontown.
To a very special sanctum you carved out with your own mitts
without any fucking permission.
Shout out to an international audience
of maniacs and beautiful people and spirits
that you can hear from across oceans.
Whoa.
I heard it personally from 3,000 miles away
from the rugged hills of Shaolin in Staten Island.
Whoa.
I wasn't living there.
It was a Manhattan situation at the time.
But I really did hear Dan and Spencer
and Jeff and Schrab and Brandon
and Mike Eagle later on.
But back then, Mike Eagle wasn't there yet.
It's true.
You could hear something very special
whenever you put this on your ear holes.
And you could count on a certain amount
of brotherhood, honesty, love, friendship
that you guys were gracious, brave,
and fucking bold enough to put on display.
Yay.
I would suggest that a lot of us came to know you guys
as strange brothers and friends.
And I would like to say that in the dark times
we have all gone through.
You guys did a real public and universal and cosmic service
by putting out this wonderful life raft
that you could see how bright it was
with your eyes closed, listening real hard.
So thank you for that.
Thank you, Dave.
Yeah.
Dave Kline.
If I can follow up on that.
I've talked to a lot of people that I've met
at the drawing room or here or around town.
A lot of people said that they went through depression
or some kind of, you know, some mental stuff.
And for some reason, our silly little show
was like really important to people.
I've never quite understood that.
But I've talked to so many people that
that's the reason why they dig it,
they listen to it and they travel all the way out.
Like clap if you came from way far away.
I know there's people from Italy and Spain
and Australia and England and like all over the map.
Also, we got Jesse Kemp.
Jesse, what up, Jesse?
Oh, man. Hey.
Hey, listen, I can't follow that.
That was brilliant.
But if I could, since this is still a podcast,
people can't really see us, can they?
No.
I mean, there's some cameras.
Of course, I saw a ranked doorbell.
There's cameras everywhere.
They're all over.
This is true.
But you know what?
I'm going to pass this to my assistant, Arnold,
who's a major Harmontown freak.
Arnold is what got me into this.
And as is Jeff, but Arnold,
can you say a couple of words about Harmontown?
Give it up for Arnold.
Arnold.
Oh my God.
Of course, I would say something about Harmontown.
All more.
Let me tell you this.
A couple of things about Dan Harmon.
The man likes slacks.
The man likes shorts.
And the man likes jeans shorts.
And he's very particular about his cut of jeans shorts.
Let's give it up for Arnold, everybody.
Arnold.
All right.
These intelligent guys.
Let's hear them out.
Just three more minutes.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's hear them out.
I want to tell you guys something really quickly.
This is Jesse back again.
Not Arnold.
Oh, darn.
Where's Arnold?
Just in case you could tell,
even though I second what Arnold was saying
about the jeans shorts.
Dan in the summertime.
I can't tell you how many times I would come to Harmontown here,
the Dynasty typewriter.
Just to see Dan in his beautiful summer sack
in his summer shorts.
I've been talking about Dan in jeans shorts.
It's sublime.
I mean, he starts putting them on around May
and well into September.
He's still wearing jeans shorts.
I'm going to miss seeing Dan in jeans shorts.
But let me just say this really quickly.
I don't want to take up too much time.
This is like the last cheers.
This is already a million times better
than the last Seinfeld,
even though I love Seinfeld.
But I'm going to say this.
We're going out with a bang.
You guys, I'm going to tell you the backstage.
We have a musical tribute.
Beck is here.
Oh, hell yeah.
All right.
And if that's not enough,
we have Willie Nelson here.
Awesome.
Oh, shit.
Also, Woody Harold and Matthew McConaughey.
MC Arnold is going to be in the house.
MC Arnold.
Oh, I don't know if I could do that.
But you know, I'm Arnold.
I just, you know, I'm into jeans shorts.
Sue me.
But listen, I got to tell you this really quickly.
Two important things.
And then I'll zip it, but I cannot.
Now that I hijacked this for a minute,
I can't let you guys out of here
without knowing about an amazing project
that Dan is launching in March.
Dan has his very own wine.
It's a ros coming out.
It's called Dan Harmon's third testicle.
Now, this is a wine like no other wine.
And let me tell you that up in Dan's Napa vineyard,
basically there was a mishap with the grape crusher
and some testosterone got mixed in with the wine, so to speak.
Jesse, hang on.
Speaking of wine, Ricardo, you hear where you at, baby?
Ricardo!
Ricardo, you brought wine from your hometown
outside of Florence, Italy, right?
Can you bring it up?
It's in the grid roll because they come and have it here.
Okay.
Ricardo, please come on stage,
because when he gets up here,
give it up for young Italian Steve Kugen.
Steve Kugen!
He looks way too much like Steve Kugen.
What's up, Ricardo?
Welcome.
What's happening?
Here's the wine.
Look at this.
Okay, so this is like for all of you,
but Jeff called dips on it, so...
Yeah, it's fine.
I think it's just gonna be nice.
I'm gonna take it.
I don't know if it's the best one,
but it's from my hometown.
Italy?
The motherfucker looks like Steve Kugen.
Look at this guy.
He looks...
I just saw...
What's the movie where the...
Tropic Thunder.
He looks exactly like Italian Steve Kugen.
Sure.
Are there any...
Thank you, Ricardo.
You're welcome.
Piacere.
Do we have any...
Because there's all dudes on stage.
Are there any women fans of any like old school...
What does Arnold have to say about Steve Kugen?
Oh, my God.
I forgot how Arnold talked,
but I think that he's even more handsome
than an Italian Steve Kugen.
But I gotta tell you, I mean,
this wine looks magnificent,
and it's got a picture of...
What would you describe that?
It looks like a Playboy bunny gone golf.
Playboy bunny gone golf.
This is amazing wine.
Ricardo is an amazing man,
and I'm just gonna zip it
because everyone on the stage is a legend.
Will Brandon.
Jeff.
Rob.
Of course, Rob.
Dan.
Spencer.
And Richard fucking Branson!
Yeah!
Right over there.
Richard shaved for this event,
but fucking no!
But this is...
You thank you, Richard Branson, for being here,
because you reminded me of what I wanted to say.
Because when I think of Richard Branson,
I think about Jeff Bezos,
and I'm gonna say this.
Here, I think the reason why on Planet Earth right now,
we have so much bad shit,
and I don't even think we would have climate change
depending on this planet if it weren't for
tiny penis energy.
You know what I'm talking about?
Let me say this.
If Jeff Bezos had a big dick,
would he have to own all that money?
I don't think so.
You know about...
Jesse, Jesse, can I interrupt you?
Dan Harmon has always had big dick energy.
The world needs more big dick energy.
And I am scared that once this podcast ends,
that we're gonna not have as much big dick energy.
Let's give it up for Arnold, everybody. Arnold!
Arnold!
But final thing out of my mouth,
I have a feeling this is not
the last Armored Town ever.
Shut your ass up while you still talking.
Please use your lips and just start walking.
Motherfucker, you got to shut your mouth.
No, man.
Keep it going, Mike.
I would keep singing, but I don't want to do
what this motherfucker did.
No.
And take up too much time with that bullshit.
I thought this was just extras
that this was gonna be edited out.
No, no, it's all good.
You can't edit their lives.
Oh, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right,
you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right,
you're right.
But no, no, Mike, Mike, let's do a song.
And that is why Dan Harmon is Dan Harmon.
Jesse.
I'm sipping it.
You gave him a mic.
What did you think was gonna happen?
He's doing everything that's all good.
Even the microphone.
Will you stop talking until that?
You know, when this show started,
I didn't think it would last seven weeks, you know?
Look at us now.
Do you remember what the very first Armentone,
like what you talked about, did you ever,
when was the last time you listened to the very first Armentone?
Well, I haven't.
It was the promise of going to the moon, wasn't it?
But it started as, we weren't podcasting right away.
And in my memory, although we tend to conflate these things,
but I believe it was like, we were doing it strictly live,
and we were recording them just in case,
and kind of off and on, the recording was working and stuff.
And it was the Chevy Chase thing that kind of like,
it was a tipping point because that was a live show
that was not to be, that was not a podcast.
So we were doing the show for a while.
I think that's what Jeff referenced, it was monthly.
It was like, you know, I still had that old school,
like LA kind of perception of like,
oh, there's all these shows in LA,
where you can go see Harry Dean Stanton playing trombone
or Jeff Goldblum like, fuck a duck or something,
and it's not part of their real lives.
It's a good show.
It doesn't end up in T.M.P.
Nobody played the bone like Harry Dean.
But then I made the awful judgment,
the horrible judgment mistake of playing Chevy's voicemail
into the microphone, and somebody was recording it,
and that was part of the decision to be like,
okay, let's just start podcasting,
because if anything, that'll be a shield,
because if you want things to be out there,
then people start to ignore it more.
It was like, well, there's 5,000 hours of this guy.
Get that on the mic, yeah.
There you go.
It all ended.
I was so excited watching Adam Goldberg's face
during Jesse Camp talking,
because Adam was like, I fucking did it.
I finished first.
Yeah, I can't remember what the question was,
but it was like, yeah, there was a...
I don't remember what the first, it was the whole moon thing.
It was just the idea of alienation,
and nobody told me to tie my shoes and all that stuff,
which is like, you know, that's the thing.
It's like, I don't really feel that way anymore.
I'm not like, hey, leave me alone.
Don't tell me what to do.
I'm right about everything.
Everyone else is wrong kind of guy anymore,
and that's become an actual point of view
that you can't even really defend
even when you do feel that way.
It's not charismatic anymore.
And I don't always feel that way,
but sometimes I do, and it's just sort of like,
I don't want to talk in circles,
but that's part of the thing is sort of like,
who the fuck am I?
It used to be very simple.
It was like, I'm a baby, you know?
I just want to kind of whine and say,
what about me?
And it was therapeutic for me.
So that was the answer to your question.
When, you know, they always say,
if you keep a journal, don't go back and read your journal.
When do you think you'll go back
and listen to some of these episodes?
I don't know.
I don't know if I ever would, because like,
If Chris McKenna and I get way drunk enough,
we'll like, maybe we'll like,
we'll start watching community episodes.
And we'll get like halfway through the D&D one,
and then we'll pass out.
But it's like, there's something about revisiting stuff
that's like too, like, I don't know.
Because it's like, but you know, it's like,
like, you need to, like...
It's funny that you're holding the wine bottle.
What?
Drinking wine.
What? Why no Del Ricardo?
Oh, no.
That's not even a, that's like,
he's not even really Italian, is he?
Why no Del Ricardo?
That's Spanish.
All right.
That's just, that's not what it says.
This labels in Korean.
When did you like, feel like,
with Harmontown, did you like, go,
yes, that was it.
That's the, this is the...
Delicious, and I love the Tilda Swinton on the label.
It does feel like a Tilda Swinton.
Sorry, Rob.
When you were, I mean, like it started off with this thing
about we're going to colonize the moon and whatever,
but then eventually I feel like you hit like,
a stride of, this is what a typical Harmontown is,
was it when you were at Meltdown,
was it at the castle, was it here,
when did you feel like, oh, okay, this is working,
this is the pattern?
I don't know, I never really felt that way.
I don't know, I guess early on at Meltdown
I felt like there was a groovy thing going
that kind of made a little bit of sense.
And I think that after Meltdown closed,
a lot of us in the comedy community,
lame thing, comedy community,
but a lot of LA comedy people that had performed at Meltdown
all of a sudden realized as one does,
that how much of the show was that venue.
That Harmontown was kind of sort of inextricably defined
by the wooden pillars in the room and this,
and back in those days I was always like,
God damn it, if we could just get rid of these pillars
and make this room five times bigger,
we could put cameras everywhere,
and then I could show slides of my dog,
always like driven by this thing.
There was never a full embrace of the podcast of it all.
It was just a show that became a podcast.
And then the other funny transformation that happened
is it's so weird to remember this because I can't,
it's sort of like the way I remember sometimes
I smoked a pack and a half a day,
and then I'm like, because someone will say,
do you mind if I smoke in here?
And I'll be like, yeah, I don't care.
And I'm like, holy shit, I smoked like a chimney.
I can't believe this, but like originally
when we were recording the episodes,
I would sit with Feral Audio founder Dustin Marshall
and we would like, I would go over to his house,
I would book sessions that would last like three or four hours
where we'd go through the entire recording
and edit the ums and us out, basically.
Like I was like, oh, no one wants to listen to somebody
like Stammer and Stutter and say the same thing
over and over again.
When did you stop doing that?
I don't remember, we just got exhausted.
So I remember, yeah, you do it.
And I can totally relate because I would be like,
I would want to do that too.
It wasn't like you let go.
I assure you, that's so strange to think about
because I'm the laziest guy in the world
and also the most narcissistic.
I'd be like, yeah, listen to me, figure it out, whatever.
But at the time, it was like, oh, that's what you're supposed to do.
You recorded it live, it's sloppy,
clean it up, or don't put it in people's ears,
you terrible person, be responsible.
And I'm sure there was just this point where it was like,
well, if I have to keep doing that,
then I have to stop doing the show because it's too much work.
It's like the amount of time I need to spend on actual shit.
But it's just so funny that I would go through the show
and go like, oh, I'm being kind of redundant there.
Yeah.
Look, what was the goal?
It's such a weird...
It's crazy to look back,
because we just do this kind of silly thing,
we just come here, we don't talk about it.
The first few episodes, I think, Dan,
you and I, we'd have kind of a plan,
like a trajectory that we're going to do,
and then we gave that up pretty quickly.
But then Robin Williams was on the show.
And we wrote a song with Eric Idle,
and he sang it, like some pretty crazy stuff has happened.
And it really has just been this lazy thing,
but it makes me very happy
and kind of confused that everybody likes it so much.
I really want to thank everybody who's listening
or who's here tonight, who traveled.
It's pretty crazy.
It's kind of emotional that you guys all dug it so much.
I can definitely explain the...
I definitely understand as a podcast listener,
but it's kind of worth noting that the word podcast
is something that in eight years, it's like a new word,
and that at the beginning of these eight years,
this decade that we've just been through,
I remember being in Erin McGathy's car
and her iPod playing.
This guy started talking about how he and Natasha
had just broken up,
but the podcast was going to continue to be what it was,
and, hey, breakups just happened, man.
That's all.
It's just, look, man, things just happened.
And I'm like, after like 10 minutes
of just listening to this guy talk,
I was like, what the fuck is this?
It's not a book on tape or radio.
So what is this?
And she's like, oh, it's Duncan Trussell.
And he had just broken up with Natasha Ligiero.
They were doing a podcast together for a while,
and then he was explaining what was really going on
in his life, which he would later do
as he got diagnosed with cancer, as his mother died.
And Duncan was also, I believe, the first podcast
I was ever on as a guest.
And I really want to give him a big, big shout out,
because...
Also, while you're on that, Dan,
Emily Gordon, she's the one that made this happen.
Emily needs to be...
She told Dan to have a podcast at Nerd Mountain Meltdown.
That's why this all started.
Yeah.
But also like Adam Goldberg and Anatoly and Dave Kline
and Vega and all the people that we've met
that have come up throughout the years.
And also, I would never have met Spencer Crittenden
without this show.
Yeah.
Thank you to me.
And Chris and Sarah.
Chris and Sarah.
I'm going to forget a million names of people
that we've just kind of pulled out of the crowd
back in the days when we just say,
like, anybody want to come up and talk?
And we've met a lot of beautiful, wonderful people.
I'm going to get sad.
Uh...
Before you get sad,
I'm just going to shout out a couple people.
Oh, shit.
Not your comedically long list of weird names.
Arnold.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Shout out to Splendid Docs.
Mr. Johnny Dangerously.
Oh, yeah.
Sinister Silence.
Devon Cook.
Joanna Curtis.
Hill Prozac.
Jeremy Myers.
Paul Nolan.
Heather Hooks.
God bless you all.
Hey, Paul, you got a whip on you right now?
Thank you so much for your support.
The show's not over yet, but Paul,
we got a headroom for you to do some whips for us.
Paul, the whip guy.
Yeah.
Y'all need to tell me about this shit, too.
Whips.
And if you want to whip, get one.
What?
I've not been adequately warned about any of this shit.
I'm about to step back four to six feet
and let's all have all the whip fun y'all want to have.
Yeah.
Why are we...
You're safe, Mike. You're safe.
Uh-uh, I'll be watching.
Watch me.
I ain't with none of this shit.
Audience.
I forgot about it.
He's got a cigarette.
Yeah, do it.
Wait, oh.
It's a whip.
He's got a cigarette out?
He's got a cigarette out.
It's a whip.
What?
He whipped it.
Cut the cigarette in half.
That's how you quit smoking.
You learn how to whip.
Whip it.
What up, Paul?
There he goes.
California's fucking dangerous.
Yeah.
They got tall people.
Mike, I forget.
What was the connection?
You met Dan Ware.
What was the intro with you?
We did Scott Rogowski's show together.
That's right.
Yeah, he had his live show.
He used to do the trivia HQ on Apple every day.
Right.
But he had a show called Running Late, and I was doing music shit on there, and he had
Dan on it as a guest, and that's when we met.
Don't we have tapes?
Church, you got there?
We got the tapes that you guys did together, right?
Yeah, I produced a rap album by Dan, and there's tapes of it in the back.
Also, let's give it up for Church.
He's been in all the social media and production.
And let's give it up also to Brendan, to Brendan, Church and Brendan are the two that make all
the commercials funny.
And Brendan does all the music, and Church is the one that makes it all happen.
So give it up for them.
If you like the ads, it's Brendan and the Church.
And Nolan Fabricius, who got all my friends in, and it's been running this shit.
And Zac McKeever up there making the fucking beats happen and doing everything.
Yeah.
And also the people that I don't really know their names, but all the people that did the
rap writer, like you guys have been, what a cool venue this has been.
Shout out to Sarah Hill.
Sarah Hill, hell yeah.
Shout out to Kris Boruff.
Kris Boruff.
Kevin Day.
Yes.
Yes, Kevin Day.
Everybody, if I'm forgetting anybody, forgive me, but who?
Steve Levy.
The man.
Can we bring Steve Levy on stage?
Steve Levy, get the fuck out here.
Yeah.
Steve Levy.
Hey.
What up, Levy?
How you doing, baby?
I'm doing good.
You've been going through some kind of some rough shit, right?
Or should we not talk about that?
You brought it up our way to end the show, right?
I don't know, Jeff.
Weren't you saying backstage that you had some great news you wanted to share with everybody?
Just some heartwarming pregnant.
No.
What?
You don't have great news.
He was lying that you.
I was just lying.
I was just making an ass out of myself in front of my closest friends.
Hey, Levy, what do you like top?
You got a couple top moments like top three, top two, top one.
That I've witnessed.
Or that you haven't.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, Dan peeing live on stage.
Into a diaper.
Into a diaper in San Francisco.
Dan Ward depends and peed into his depends.
It was like 40 minutes before the show and Dan decided, what if I pissed live on stage?
Well, that's come on.
That's not how my thought process was.
I believe that's exactly what happened.
There was a shit story earlier with another person you admire.
We're at exactly.
I always approach it with a new one.
You peed and you were so happy about it, you were really stoked.
You're like, oh shit, I can just pee wherever I go now.
It started as this because somebody had mentioned the people in Times Square when they wear diapers for years.
And I was like, come on.
That's just peeing in your pants.
I was like, I want to know what these diapers are like.
Yeah, we're in Pesuvio, right?
Incredible.
You're peeing into a portal.
It's a whole ass mood.
So I had to run and find a place that had the nicest, best looking adult diapers for Dan to wear on stage.
Not because I insisted on anything other than adult diapers.
Apparently you just want me to look good while I'm peeing myself.
No, no.
You don't want the 8K diaper, which is lame.
But you peed and the look.
8K, I was like 8K diaper.
Oh, 8K.
The look on your face while you're peeing, you were so happy.
You look so completely like, oh, I can just pee in front of people.
Baby boomers are the first modern generation to get that age where they need diapers.
And so of course the diapers are now, they look like, and the technology behind them.
So we have them to thank for our nation's opioid addiction and the pills and the diapers are fucking NASA level.
Because the people that invented the Beatles are shitting themselves and are in fucking pain.
I can't wait to get old.
Durr.
I can't wait to piss just like hanging out.
How was it pissing on your pants?
It was incredible.
Was it?
Yes, because think about everything you do when you pee.
Men are always kind of like...
Cry?
We kind of like...
You know, we flaunt with women.
It's like, oh, we're just like...
It's no problem. You just whip it out.
I'm out of the bus driver again.
You whip it out.
They just like whatever and they got a squat and it's more of an ordeal for them to pee into a bush or whatever.
You have no idea how high maintenance what we have to do is until you experience just standing in your pants
and doing whatever you want.
You can play a video game.
You can talk to people and just pee.
Have you ever worn these ever again?
No.
You don't have to.
I left the stage a second ago to pee. I do wish I could have stayed.
It's truly like...
We've all peed in the shower so you have this experience of like there's water all over you.
I have never peed in the shower.
Whoa.
Sorry.
We're telling truths up here.
This from the guy who doesn't like...
You've never peed in the shower?
I've never peed in the shower.
Because you're a gentleman?
Because the toilet's right there.
But peeing in the shower is like...
From the shower?
That's your birthright.
There's never been a time, I guess, when I didn't realize I had to pee until I was in the middle of the shower.
But don't you get in the shower and you've got the warm water rolling over you?
That doesn't make me have to pee.
It makes me have to pee.
Okay, well that's just me then.
Do women pee in the shower?
Yes.
That was nearly unanimous.
I think they kind of live for it, honestly, which is why men are usually not afraid to admit it
because we've never been shamed by women for peeing in the shower.
Because women are like the Christopher Columbus of peeing in the shower.
Women buy either...
Because it's dark out there, buy applause.
What women has never peed in the shower?
Yeah, give it up a few.
Now, can I ask one of you why?
Just because you never had to or you think it's rude?
It's dirty.
But you're in the shower?
I think it's gross.
It's probably going to be the answer.
I don't think people that have never peed in the shower are monsters.
I don't.
No, no, I'm just saying.
I'm not even against it.
I just think they never did it.
You should try it sometime.
Maybe tomorrow. Who knows?
The night is young, baby.
Hey, everybody.
Uh-oh.
Throw a beat down, Zach.
It's a peon song.
Put a beat on before you get peed on.
Okay, well, it's me, MC Gun Control.
Oh, shit.
Oh, damn.
MC.
Give it up for MC Gun Control.
I can't believe we're here at the final episode of Harmontown.
A platform I have used to spread my ambiguous message
about gun violence.
My name, as you know, is MC Gun Control,
and the bit is you can't tell if I'm for or against it.
But there's also a part of an added meta bit
about how forthright I am about that being my bit,
which I personally enjoy.
But here's a little rap about gun control,
which is also my name.
The AK-47 is capable of killing 30,000 lives a second.
It's the most devastating weapon ever available in stores.
Yeah!
Over 50 million handguns are in the houses.
They're very, very popular.
Handguns are popular.
The most popular.
Even more than blenders.
I'm MC Gun Control.
Bullets are lethal.
More lethal than icicles.
Even if they don't go through your eyeballs,
which icicles have to do to be lethal.
If you throw an icicle at a human,
they'll get mad at you.
They'll know what you are.
They'll know you are far into the realm of enmity.
With them, they'll be like,
hey, why'd you throw an icicle at me?
They'll also probably think you'd just throw an icicle at them,
because the icicle will have broken up in the air.
By the time it hits them, it'll be cubes.
They'll think you'd just throw an icicle at them in winter.
Guns, on the other hand,
can kill people regardless of the season or the intention.
MC Gun Control.
Yes, thank you.
I'm MC Gun Control.
You know MC Gun Control.
Did you know guns are responsible for more deaths than cancer, Jeff?
I didn't know that.
Mike, you got to be...
You're looking at your thing.
That was his beat.
That was yours.
Everything was all my fault, basically.
Let's do one more, then.
Oh, shit.
Hey, I'm MC N209.
And I'm not feeling fine.
You got 10 seconds to comply.
With my rhythm, rhythm, rhythm, rhythm.
10.
Yo, it's old Detroit.
It's got a cancer called crime.
That ain't no joint.
Sick.
Yo, I'm the next step in law enforcement.
Put your mother so hard, her pussy is engorgent.
Two.
One.
Sometimes I speak like I should experience after to make a word rhyme.
Her pussy was engorgent.
Rower.
I can't walk downstairs.
I roar like a lion.
I'm stopped motion animated, but I ain't crying.
You can't see genie.
That won't be reality because you need the texture to make you feel humanity.
Coming through the animation, giving it character.
Fuck your mama so hard, I needed an airplane hanger to hold all the chairs.
Cause that's how fucking is.
When you're in 209, you do that shit right.
You never leave a single pussy hanging tight.
You lose it.
Okay.
There it is.
Yeah.
Wow.
We really heard from all of the old beloved characters.
If I was a reporter from Vulture doing a retrospective on our podcast, I would be extra impressed at this point.
And I'm sure that article is going to turn out great.
But did I mention this already?
Paste magazine, I think it was.
Why do they still call them magazines?
They said we were, you know, one of the best podcasts of the decade.
I think you're kind of cheating when your podcast lasts a decade.
I mean, it's like a weird thing for a podcast to be so old.
So we were in there.
What are we up there with?
I didn't read the article.
Probably Splendid Table.
I think number one was...
I'm going to read the Vulture one, though.
This American Life is number one, I think.
Fuck that.
Well, whatever.
You know, that's because I had an episode on there.
Wow.
Goddamn it.
Way to make it about you.
Christ.
Dan, what's next for you?
I always knew I'd end up on this American Life.
Do you want to do another podcast ever again, Dan?
Is this it for you?
Are you just going to fuck off straight and do the night?
No, I think that, honestly, it's not a fun answer,
but no, I can't wait to do more stuff.
I just think that I'm just tired of acting like I'm a product.
So I think that that was a fun surfing style for a while,
and it doesn't make as much sense anymore.
And everybody matures at different rates,
and it's like a bingo card, like you knock out shit
at different times.
Some people are prodigies at shit, and then absolute morons
and other stuff until they're 70.
I've never done actual just like, hey, I think I'm going to try to be funny
and do a performance and try to make people laugh kind of thing.
I've always fallen back on the, hey, look at who I am.
A lot of great people have done that.
Howard Stern and the like, we love that.
It's a heavy tradition of like, that's the old white guy going like,
hey, look at me, I'm sucking my thumb.
But I'm bored with that and feel like also,
I would have to double down so much.
I have a question.
Can somebody run for mayor of Harmontown?
A special election?
Oh, shit.
I declare my candidacy a fucking Harmontown.
Yes.
My first act is mayor of Harmontown to change the name.
I second that emotion.
What if, yeah, what if I can just, Mike Eagle just becomes mayor of Harmontown.
Eagletown.
Schrab.
I can make some shit about me for seven years.
As this town's Obama, I obviously cannot make an endorsement at this stage.
It would be catastrophic.
This town's Obama.
Give me a beat.
Okay.
Go do it.
This town's Obama.
Never gonna fuck a mama.
Yo, every town's got a zone Obama.
Obama.
Chicago.
Yeah.
New Orleans.
Obama.
Not Obama.
No.
Obama.
We can go out and out.
Just listen to cities.
It either is or it isn't Obama.
Cutta hay, Wisconsin.
Not Obama.
It's a different Obama.
Every town's got an Obama, y'all.
It's not the same.
Like my sweaters made of lava, yo.
Yo.
I made my sentences with commas, so.
Obama.
Everybody gotta be their own Obama.
Be yourself's own Obama.
Hope and change on the open range.
Fuck your mama so hard.
Her labia hang.
Come on, I gotta stop.
Mike, I'm so sorry.
No, I know.
Look, look.
Hey, hey.
I was playing along earlier, right?
But I heard the reports.
I heard what happened after.
I know what happened.
And also we recorded a whole album together.
We had to make the whole album about fucking mamas.
It is a tic.
It's a rap tic.
And it's like, isn't it weird how you would, it's like,
it's not a rap tic that saves you in really any way.
It saves you, though, because you use it.
You know all these rhymes.
Well, it's like you, yeah, it's sort of like,
it's a tic during the setup of a rhyme, though.
Or, no, I guess it's not, actually.
It's okay, it's in the, because you go like,
oh, I went to the store and I bought some milk.
Then you can go, fuck your mama so hard,
because, well, you're thinking of the word silk.
Yes.
But then you say the silk,
and then you start rhyming about the silk.
Right.
So you actually use it, which makes it usable.
We might have talked about this before,
but when you're writing, are you just freestyling
and putting it on pen and paper?
No, I'm writing.
So it's all written.
I'm making choices.
Yeah.
But the writing process, you're still,
like, obviously, while you're making stuff up
and putting it on the paper, like, you're still,
there's a freestyle, you're selecting choices
out of the freestyles that are coming out of your head.
Sure.
Yeah.
But then you make the choices and you go,
okay, that's the one I'm using.
Like, this is the best option.
Right.
I'll write that one down.
Yeah.
That's an interesting idea.
You make a choice and you go,
I'm going to make the best choice.
A good one.
Yeah, do the good thing.
You know, like most writers.
Right.
But somebody about, in England,
when whose lens anyway was on the air in England,
a hilarious review said,
why not prepare something funny?
Why not improvise?
I'm going to read something.
A lot of people, you know,
we have a history on this show of, like,
we, you know, people who put themselves out there
and demand their time around the skillet, you know.
But I thought this was a,
this isn't going to blow anyone's mind,
but I thought it was like,
this is sort of the every man kind of thing.
I got this, I got handed this note and I won't keep,
I'll just get through it.
But that's not something to get through.
In a way.
Dear Dan, if you're reading this,
it means that at some point I was able to intercept you
and hand this to you.
That's not true.
I was given to it by a subordinate.
It's brand done.
Subordinate.
Well, there are channels and it got to me.
And that's the importance of, you know, boundaries.
Who gave it to you?
I don't even remember.
It was me.
Someone, I, someone I,
someone I pay someone else to remember their name.
Keisha, Keisha, who, who was it?
They handed it to me.
Steve.
Keisha.
Why did your voice overlap with mine?
Never mind.
All right.
Keisha.
Yeah.
You know what?
You're welcome.
No, I know.
I don't accept.
My diversity program can't be fictional.
It doesn't help.
If Demorge was here,
the three of us would have whooped your way.
Such a stereo.
Shout out to Demorge.
Demorge.
Does he know the show is ending?
Yeah.
He knows.
Okay.
Keisha.
Wow.
The nerve.
Yeah.
All right.
The nerve.
In which case,
thank you for taking it and reading it.
Also,
thank you for not socially rejecting me when I spoke to you
briefly at the drawing room,
which would have haunted me forever in parentheses
and how you so generously and thoroughly answered my
question about characterization.
I've got pretty bad social anxiety.
I feel lonely and ashamed a lot,
but I'm learning to accept myself better.
I've got a neurodiverse family.
I'm learning to accept them better too.
Hearing about your complex relationships with people
and writing has really helped me.
Harmontown is so much more than 360 episodes of the best
podcast ever made.
I heard someone say no.
Someone, no.
It's not more than that.
That's all it is.
Listen to American life.
The day I came across your Story Structure 101 post
was the day I also discovered Joseph Campbell
in Harmontown.
It was also the day I figured out how to end a story.
I was writing,
which was the first story I got published.
Now I see this as that Campbellian thing where
if it's meant to be your adventure,
the world will open.
I will miss your dialogue on growth,
truth, and happiness.
I will miss the podcast like I am losing a very good friend.
Thank you for everything,
although I am sure you'll continue to inspire
your moonbound, neurodiverse band of Harmonians
just in different ways.
Kristen, I'll just use her first name.
Thank you, Kristen.
That was really good.
Also, I don't know if it's the same Kristen,
but another Kristen gave me an awesome gift
of a bunch of little notebooks like this.
So thank you, Kristen, for that.
It better not be like a letter that's identical to that,
except it's like...
I don't want to get corny,
but I really can't say...
The only thing that I'll take away from this...
What's it been? Seven, eight years?
How long have we been doing this?
By the way, I just want to say one thing.
In 360 episodes,
I have gotten many, many letters pressed into my hand.
So if you're out there and you're thinking,
I wrote this motherfucker,
my dog died, and I don't know...
I've read 87% to 89% of the letters
that you've handed me in the back alley
or the out front and stuff,
and they're all always great.
I read that one.
It got handed to me tonight.
That one represents all of your letters.
I think that's always been so special about it.
Everybody that knows that we hang out in the drawing room,
you guys have come out and said hello,
and usually in a very shy way.
I have a question about that.
Y'all tell people on the show
that y'all hang out at the drawing room?
We mentioned it, yeah, really.
In the very beginning.
I've seen you there.
Yeah, but I'm glad to know that now,
because I won't feel safe there anymore.
Y'all let everybody know that that's where you hang out.
It's been so cool throughout the years
of meeting you all,
all these faces in the crowd
and people listening.
It's been really cool just to...
I don't know why it means that much to you,
but it means a lot to me
that you guys are all so sweet.
Oh, that's the thing I was going to try.
It means a lot to you because of...
That is the most Harmontown thing
I could have possibly had.
It means a lot to them because of the time spent.
That's both the thing.
There's no way to deflect it because it's just time spent.
I mean, you...
That's why when somebody says,
Holy shit, your podcast means so much,
that means they've put in the time.
It's like they've done as much work as we have.
There are people that only listen to a dozen episodes,
there's people that have gone and listened to the entire thing
from the very beginning.
The fact that Grey Worm from Game of Thrones likes it,
the fact that Rob Corddry likes it,
the fact that people that I've met
that live in Europe and South America and shit,
the fact that it means something to listen to,
I guess, neurodiversity
and our weird ramblings,
that it's really crazy to me.
I will say to everybody that listens to this one,
thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah, we got as much out of it as you did, believe me.
I didn't think we'd last seven weeks.
I can't believe it.
A birthday...
All right, Dan, we're getting close to closing time,
but I think it's time for you two to re-init.
Yeah, we're well past it, but...
But I'm gonna put it on you right now.
Say goodbye to Hamilton.
Thank you, Jeff.
I started here...
How can I?
The year was 2012.
Rob,
can we all give it up for...
I think the most joyful part of Hamilton Town,
in my experience, has been Rob Schrab,
who contributed.
Oh, man.
Thank you, Jeff.
I don't get it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, you see it.
If you're listening, there's people walking out.
People are...
People are stapling themselves to their chairs
in what I can only describe as a reverse ovation.
Rob Schrab.
I don't know what to say.
I really don't know what to say about any of that.
You're in the middle of a very complicated racial orio.
There's a lot of pressure on you.
It's an inverted, yeah.
Well, I don't know.
About a year or two years ago,
I was going through a pretty dark time.
And that's when I started coming to the show regularly,
and it really, really helped me get back on my feet,
you know, like, just mentally.
I'll take it from here.
Yeah, please. I'm about to drop it.
But it just made me feel less alone,
and, you know, I was just...
Yeah, I just hit a deep, deep valley creatively,
and just...
I don't know, and just being here,
and, you know, it was really...
I mean, it was how I got to hang out with my friends,
and just getting a lot of love online was very, very sweet.
It was very sweet.
And I don't really...
It's not hitting me how much I'm going to miss it yet.
You know, like, right now, all I'm thinking of, like,
my knees are so fucking cold right now,
because it's just, like, freezing.
It's freezing. It's freezing up here.
Why just your knees? What's...
I don't know. Like, this area, like, is right here.
Are your knees cold? You got some cold knees?
No, no one has your weird Midwestern old man's disease.
Winter's coming. I take it back.
I don't miss this. My kneecaps are blushing.
I'm not going to miss this. I'm not going to miss this.
I do want to say the reason I brought up the Duncan Trussell thing
and podcasting in general is because...
What is it?
What's happening?
It's just the haunted house music is just playing.
This is Jeff's outgoing voicemail.
It's a get used to it song.
No, no. Oh, you were talking to him.
Well, this is just as good as you're thinking.
Uh...
As a...
Thank you so much, man, for being like me.
And, like, yeah, we'll feel this 20 years from now,
and that's because we're better people.
I'm already feeling it.
Well, yeah, me too.
I don't know what we're talking about.
The reason I brought up the Duncan Trussell thing
was also because, like, I want you guys to understand
everyone within the reach of my voice,
that, like, I have been addicted to podcasts
and have relationships with podcasts,
so I understand.
And that's why I'm so grateful to you guys for making it,
for choosing it, because there has to be a lot of forgiveness
involved, and there's an addiction that is really...
It reflects the best part of you,
where you're like, you know, warts and all,
I'm gonna just keep coming back to this, and I choose this
to be my family.
And I...
That, like, in saying goodbye,
I want you guys to really hear me on this,
that, like, I'm old and tired and really looking forward
to woodwork and, like...
Like, just kind of, like, not being myself
as a famous person for a while,
that has absolutely nothing to do with the advice
I would give you if you're 25 and you're...
Or 75, but spiritually 25,
because you're just now going, like,
what the fuck should I do tomorrow?
Like, please put yourself out there.
Don't give up on the transparency and vulnerability
and honesty as the eventual cure-all
in the war between good and evil.
Like, I am not waving a white flag.
I am, like, laying down and taking a long nap
after a Thanksgiving dinner.
Like, I am fat and sad and tired.
Or not sad, sad, sad, like, the way you're sad,
because Wizard of Oz is on again.
Like, like...
Like, not sad.
Not pathetic.
But, like, like, full, done.
Like, like, like, like, that's sad.
Like, like, like, please...
Like, if the things that you guys say
about, like, what inspired you about it,
stick with that, go with that.
I'm not ending it because those things don't work
and don't make me very happy.
And I got to say to a lot of you kids
who have said to me, you know,
shared the incredibly personal and touchy
topic of being close to the edge
at certain times, which is not an abnormal thing
and not something to be ashamed of
and something you absolutely should share with somebody.
I have been there, too,
and this podcast has kept me away from that ledge.
And so definitely fucking, like,
follow your bliss.
If you are so sad that this podcast is ending,
this may be your cue now to,
whether it's a podcast or a basil garden
on your windowsill or a rocking chair,
like, you, like, do that project.
Do that thing.
New action creates new thought.
Don't fucking check out on me.
The world has sucked since way before you were born.
Like, that's not a logical decision.
Like, this too shall pass.
Stick with me.
Be exceptional.
Tell me this story 20 years from now
when you run into me at a bar.
I thank you so much for being here for me.
You saved my life.
Also, Spencer Crittenden,
what would the world be without meeting a Spencer?
Can we please give a huge...
There would be no Harmon Quest.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Spencer loves this.
He loves it.
Check out Color of Chaos on DM's Guild.
It's an advertisement.
And Brandon Johnson and Steve Levy
and DeMorge Brown and Curtis Armstrong
and all the people that we've had together.
And also, look around.
Give everybody next to you a hug
because you guys are all the greatest.
I'm gonna cry because I'm a crier.
I love you all so much.
Mike Eagle, everybody, give it up for Mike.
Thank you for being here.
Give it up for Kumail Nanjiani, Emily Gordon.
All y'all, thank you so much.
Let's all go next door and have a drink together.
I'm gonna get sad and cry.
I've been your comptroller, Jeff Davis.
Your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
Let's hug it down.
Oh, here comes the dance product.
Trap, Harmon, get a dance.
Well, from the beginning,
we've never known how to do an ending.
We've always had the show go on too long
and this is the name of that rap song.
It's too long, the show's too long.
This is the name of that rap song.
I have a small ding-dong
and that's apparently why global warming is happening.
Good night. See you next door.
Thank y'all.
The next Harmon...
Not Harmon-chan, but the next podcast is yet to come.
I'll keep you posted.
So, look alive.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.